# Power Manager

Power Manager Android application by pyamsoft

## What is Power Manager
Power Manager smartly manages the WiFi, Cellular Data*, Bluetooth, and Sync  
on your Android device. When the device's screen is off and the device is  
idle, Power Manager will automatically turn off the interfaces that you ask  
it to manage. The application can be configured to start up when your device  
starts, and can even be configured to periodically turn your device on to  
check for things like messages and emails.

Power Manager is developed in the Open on GitHub at:  

```
https://github.com/pyamsoft/power-manager.
```

If you know a few things about Android programming and are wanting to help  
out with development you can do so by creating issue tickets to squash bugs,  
and propose feature requests for future inclusion.

## Permissions

Power Manager uses the requested permissions in order to control and manage  
the various interfaces on your phone or tablet. Rest assured that there is  
absolutely NO third party storage or usage of user data. Power Manager does  
not collect nor will it ever ask for any of your personal information. The  
cache used by Power Manager is used to store user preferences, and nothing  
more.

## Ads and network usage

Power Manager requires the Internet and Network state permissions to only do  
one thing: load an optional AdMob interstitial ad. The interstital ad can be  
viewed if desired by selecting the redeem icon on the top right hand side of  
the screen. Aside from that single optional advertisement, Power Manager does  
not access the internet or utilize device resources in any other way.

# Issues or Questions

Please post any issues with the code in the Issues section on GitHub. Pull  
Requests will be accepted on GitHub only after extensive reading and as long  
as the request goes in line with the design of the application. Pull Requests  
will only be accepted for new features of the application, for general  
purpose bug fixes, creating an issue is simply faster.

